id	from	subject	msgtime	body	conditions
a	Cameron Brown	Event Invitation	23:22	"Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM.

Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM."	TRUE
b	Jordan Davis	Invoice Details	7:36	Attached is the invoice for the services rendered this month.	TRUE
c	Reese Smith	Event Invitation	7:57	The quarterly report is ready for review. Please provide your feedback.	TRUE
d	Alex Davis	Quarterly Report	7:32	Please find attached the details of the meeting scheduled for next week.	FALSE
e	Jamie Miller	Invoice Details	23:27	We'd appreciate your feedback on our services. Here's a quick survey.	FALSE
f	Morgan Garcia	Project Update	9:12	Attached is your flight itinerary for your upcoming business trip.	FALSE
g	Jordan Garcia	Flight Itinerary	3:33	Attached is your flight itinerary for your upcoming business trip.	FALSE
h	Riley Garcia	Invoice Details	17:53	The quarterly budget review has been rescheduled to next Thursday.	FALSE
i	Reese Rodriguez	Flight Itinerary	19:26	The quarterly report is ready for review. Please provide your feedback.	FALSE
j	Jamie Davis	Meeting Schedule	0:01	The quarterly budget review has been rescheduled to next Thursday.	FALSE
k	Alex Smith	Interview Confirmation	5:18	Attached is your flight itinerary for your upcoming business trip.	FALSE
l	Taylor Smith	Invoice Details	7:18	Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM.	FALSE
m	Cameron Rodriguez	Flight Itinerary	7:54	We'd appreciate your feedback on our services. Here's a quick survey.	FALSE
n	Morgan Johnson	Package Delivery	11:08	We'd appreciate your feedback on our services. Here's a quick survey.	FALSE
o	Riley Garcia	Invoice Details	5:50	Attached is the invoice for the services rendered this month.	FALSE
p	Avery Brown	Interview Confirmation	13:02	Your package has been delivered to the front desk as requested.	FALSE
q	Avery Rodriguez	Project Update	10:00	Please find attached the details of the meeting scheduled for next week.	FALSE
r	Jamie Johnson	Package Delivery	17:07	Please find attached the details of the meeting scheduled for next week.	FALSE
s	Jamie Smith	Project Update	10:40	We'd appreciate your feedback on our services. Here's a quick survey.	FALSE
t	Jamie Williams	Survey Request	3:22	Attached is your flight itinerary for your upcoming business trip.	FALSE
u	Alex Smith	Event Invitation	14:45	The quarterly report is ready for review. Please provide your feedback.	FALSE
v	Avery Brown	Meeting Schedule	22:29	Attached is the invoice for the services rendered this month.	FALSE
w	Jamie Williams	Budget Review	22:47	Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM.	FALSE
x	Reese Davis	Event Invitation	16:54	Here's the latest update on the project. Let me know if you have any questions.	FALSE
y	Cameron Brown	Quarterly Report	19:55	Here's the latest update on the project. Let me know if you have any questions.	FALSE
z	Avery Davis	Invoice Details	17:54	Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM.	FALSE
aa	Taylor Johnson	Invoice Details	15:33	Please find attached the details of the meeting scheduled for next week.	FALSE
ab	Jamie Smith	Project Update	15:55	Your package has been delivered to the front desk as requested.	FALSE
ac	Morgan Smith	Flight Itinerary	15:05	Please find attached the details of the meeting scheduled for next week.	FALSE
ad	Riley Garcia	Flight Itinerary	22:48	Your package has been delivered to the front desk as requested.	FALSE
ae	Avery Garcia	Budget Review	15:33	Please find attached the details of the meeting scheduled for next week.	FALSE
af	Alex Jones	Meeting Schedule	16:25	The quarterly budget review has been rescheduled to next Thursday.	FALSE
ag	Avery Smith	Flight Itinerary	19:03	The quarterly report is ready for review. Please provide your feedback.	FALSE
ah	Casey Jones	Event Invitation	19:04	The quarterly report is ready for review. Please provide your feedback.	FALSE
ai	Morgan Garcia	Budget Review	3:57	Please find attached the details of the meeting scheduled for next week.	FALSE
aj	Alex Davis	Survey Request	20:03	You're invited to attend the annual company gala. RSVP by next Friday.	FALSE
ak	Alex Garcia	Package Delivery	8:22	Your package has been delivered to the front desk as requested.	FALSE
al	Avery Johnson	Quarterly Report	16:51	Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM.	FALSE
am	Jamie Garcia	Package Delivery	23:42	Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM.	FALSE
an	Jamie Davis	Quarterly Report	1:06	Attached is the invoice for the services rendered this month.	FALSE
ao	Casey Johnson	Quarterly Report	13:33	Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM.	FALSE
ap	Alex Garcia	Interview Confirmation	15:37	The quarterly report is ready for review. Please provide your feedback.	FALSE
aq	Jordan Smith	Meeting Schedule	18:40	Please find attached the details of the meeting scheduled for next week.	FALSE
ar	Jamie Davis	Budget Review	5:48	Please find attached the details of the meeting scheduled for next week.	FALSE
as	Riley Martinez	Quarterly Report	9:53	Please find attached the details of the meeting scheduled for next week.	FALSE
at	Avery Johnson	Event Invitation	23:32	Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM.	FALSE
au	Taylor Jones	Invoice Details	0:34	The quarterly report is ready for review. Please provide your feedback.	FALSE
av	Avery Johnson	Budget Review	20:48	Here's the latest update on the project. Let me know if you have any questions.	FALSE
aw	Alex Williams	Flight Itinerary	15:09	Attached is your flight itinerary for your upcoming business trip.	FALSE
ax	Jordan Martinez	Project Update	22:46	The quarterly report is ready for review. Please provide your feedback.	FALSE
ay	Casey Johnson	Invoice Details	4:44	We'd appreciate your feedback on our services. Here's a quick survey.	FALSE
az	Taylor Martinez	Flight Itinerary	13:21	You're invited to attend the annual company gala. RSVP by next Friday.	FALSE
ba	Taylor Rodriguez	Budget Review	17:24	Your package has been delivered to the front desk as requested.	FALSE
bb	Cameron Jones	Event Invitation	0:46	The quarterly budget review has been rescheduled to next Thursday.	FALSE
bc	Taylor Martinez	Quarterly Report	7:44	We'd appreciate your feedback on our services. Here's a quick survey.	FALSE
bd	Casey Smith	Interview Confirmation	3:09	We'd appreciate your feedback on our services. Here's a quick survey.	FALSE
be	Casey Williams	Quarterly Report	16:40	Your package has been delivered to the front desk as requested.	FALSE
bf	Taylor Garcia	Survey Request	7:07	You're invited to attend the annual company gala. RSVP by next Friday.	FALSE
bg	Reese Garcia	Project Update	17:50	Please find attached the details of the meeting scheduled for next week.	FALSE
bh	Riley Brown	Project Update	21:45	Your package has been delivered to the front desk as requested.	FALSE
bi	Morgan Martinez	Interview Confirmation	16:23	Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM.	FALSE
bj	Jamie Smith	Flight Itinerary	11:27	Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM.	FALSE
bk	Alex Martinez	Invoice Details	2:04	We'd appreciate your feedback on our services. Here's a quick survey.	FALSE
bl	Taylor Martinez	Flight Itinerary	18:07	Your package has been delivered to the front desk as requested.	FALSE
bm	Riley Davis	Meeting Schedule	1:24	You're invited to attend the annual company gala. RSVP by next Friday.	FALSE
bn	Taylor Brown	Quarterly Report	8:56	Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM.	FALSE
bo	Reese Martinez	Budget Review	14:54	The quarterly budget review has been rescheduled to next Thursday.	FALSE
bp	Riley Williams	Flight Itinerary	11:04	The quarterly report is ready for review. Please provide your feedback.	FALSE
bq	Casey Brown	Package Delivery	1:37	Attached is the invoice for the services rendered this month.	FALSE
br	Alex Rodriguez	Survey Request	1:16	The quarterly budget review has been rescheduled to next Thursday.	FALSE
bs	Alex Rodriguez	Event Invitation	7:41	The quarterly report is ready for review. Please provide your feedback.	FALSE
bt	Jordan Davis	Flight Itinerary	1:09	Your package has been delivered to the front desk as requested.	FALSE
bu	Riley Johnson	Event Invitation	4:52	Your package has been delivered to the front desk as requested.	FALSE
bv	Morgan Williams	Event Invitation	7:56	Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM.	FALSE
bw	Jordan Smith	Event Invitation	7:36	The quarterly budget review has been rescheduled to next Thursday.	FALSE
bx	Casey Williams	Event Invitation	15:03	You're invited to attend the annual company gala. RSVP by next Friday.	FALSE
by	Riley Smith	Project Update	23:44	Attached is the invoice for the services rendered this month.	FALSE
bz	Jordan Martinez	Project Update	16:19	The quarterly budget review has been rescheduled to next Thursday.	FALSE
ca	Morgan Jones	Invoice Details	23:09	You're invited to attend the annual company gala. RSVP by next Friday.	FALSE
cb	Taylor Williams	Event Invitation	5:52	Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM.	FALSE
cc	Cameron Rodriguez	Flight Itinerary	8:55	You're invited to attend the annual company gala. RSVP by next Friday.	FALSE
cd	Riley Brown	Flight Itinerary	13:41	Here's the latest update on the project. Let me know if you have any questions.	FALSE
ce	Reese Garcia	Package Delivery	1:33	The quarterly report is ready for review. Please provide your feedback.	FALSE
cf	Taylor Williams	Flight Itinerary	18:08	We'd appreciate your feedback on our services. Here's a quick survey.	FALSE
cg	Taylor Davis	Survey Request	20:05	Attached is the invoice for the services rendered this month.	FALSE
ch	Casey Martinez	Project Update	10:49	The quarterly budget review has been rescheduled to next Thursday.	FALSE
ci	Riley Jones	Quarterly Report	19:05	Attached is your flight itinerary for your upcoming business trip.	FALSE
cj	Alex Johnson	Survey Request	4:39	Please find attached the details of the meeting scheduled for next week.	FALSE
ck	Alex Williams	Event Invitation	18:14	Please find attached the details of the meeting scheduled for next week.	FALSE
cl	Jamie Davis	Package Delivery	20:10	Here's the latest update on the project. Let me know if you have any questions.	FALSE
cm	Morgan Martinez	Event Invitation	13:51	Attached is your flight itinerary for your upcoming business trip.	FALSE
cn	Taylor Williams	Budget Review	1:25	Confirming your interview for the developer position on Monday at 10 AM.	FALSE
co	Avery Garcia	Invoice Details	12:16	The quarterly report is ready for review. Please provide your feedback.	FALSE
cp	Cameron Brown	Project Update	8:06	The quarterly report is ready for review. Please provide your feedback.	FALSE
cq	Casey Rodriguez	Flight Itinerary	7:04	Here's the latest update on the project. Let me know if you have any questions.	FALSE
cr	Casey Garcia	Quarterly Report	3:55	Here's the latest update on the project. Let me know if you have any questions.	FALSE
cs	Morgan Miller	Invoice Details	15:47	Your package has been delivered to the front desk as requested.	FALSE
ct	Jamie Jones	Quarterly Report	17:11	Please find attached the details of the meeting scheduled for next week.	FALSE
cu	Riley Miller	Survey Request	9:18	You're invited to attend the annual company gala. RSVP by next Friday.	FALSE
cv	Avery Smith	Meeting Schedule	3:54	Attached is the invoice for the services rendered this month.	FALSE